Clarify epic ownership (#99)
waku-org/pm: README.md

| Epic            | Several per milestone                   | Set for a milestone, delivered monthly | Several subteams or external team (e.g. DST) | Team Members                | Chunk of a _Milestone_ across all clients.                                  |
| Task            | Many per Epic                           | Set monthly-ish, delivered weekly      | One subteam or individual                    | Team Member                 | May be one or several piece of work, client specific.                       |  

### Epic Owner Responsibilities

Each epic should have an owner per affected subteam (research, js-waku, go-waku, nwaku).

The epic owner is responsible for breaking down the work in smaller issues in the related repo.

For research team, it is expected that most of the research work is done by the epic owner, which includes:
- Capturing problem statement
- Designing protocol/solution
- Implementing PoC in reference implementation
- Running tests/simulations to confirm behaviour (to be offloaded to test engineer once hired)

For development teams, it is expected that design/break down is done by epic owner.

> But actual workcan be picked up by other team member.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But actual work can be picked up by other team member.
```

Epic owner must:

- Understand the change and its implications,
- Liaise with researcher for any doubt or questions or design issues related to specific client/use case,
- Create issues (_Tasks_) to break down work in client repo, include an _acceptance criteria_ in each issue to ensure that the objective/end goal/behaviour is clearly described.

It is likely that the epic owner will do the core change or first change for a given epic.
However, subsequent/other changes may be picked up in parallel or sequentially by other team members.

> For that, dependencies must be clearly stated and team members must assigned in progress issues to themselves in GitHub.

Reviewer 2: dependencies must be clearly stated so that team members can assign issues to themselves in Github and progress.

Author: Is that what you had in mind? https://github.com/waku-org/pm/commit/f628d79878a7d4959ec928bf22a4b2538d24dabe

> The program manager should ensure that epics are getting the right assignee in a timely fashion.

Reviewer 3: Does "program manager" represent the "epic owner"?

Reviewer 4: @Ivansete-status I think it represents the PM, aka me :)

Author: Yes, basically @chair28980 :)
